---
layout: post
title: How do you name a product?
tags: business
permalink: name
author: Robert Williams
date: 2015-04-19 23:00:00
---

So I don't have a ton of experience at this. I've only sold one product in my entire life. Still, I get asked about how I named Workshop often enough that I think this might be an interesting topic to some people. 

God know that I've had trouble with this in the past. The truth is I came up with the name Workshop before I had the idea for the service. I thought it sounded cool so I made a mental note about the word. 

Why did it sound cool? I don't know. Part gut-feeling. Part being easy to remember. The fun part was once I had the idea for the service and therefore needed a name, I remembered it. 

It happened to work on multiple levels. A 'workshop' is a place people go to manufacture goods. Aka a place people go to work. A secondary meaning can be that people use it to shop for work, so instead of a fruit shop, it's a work shop. 

At Microconf this month, Ruben Gamez introduced me to a friend of his and when he heard me introduce Workshop as a "paid newsletter." He instantly and offhandedly remarked something to me that made me pause and think. He said "i wouldn't call it a newsletter, when I hear paid newsletter I think of those financial reports people pay for."

"It's really a lead generation service for freelancers."

He was so right. I've been calling it a paid newsletter for over a year. Podcasts, interviews, blog posts, etc. All of this time I was choosing the wrong words. Why? On my end I was delivering a paid newsletter. I used campaign monitor, so it had to be a newsletter. 

To my customers they were getting something else. They were getting their time back. 

That's one piece of advice I give people who are starting something new. Let the idea guide the name, and don't over think it. If you're buying a domain before you've even really mapped out the idea, you're probably on the wrong track.