They can feel like they will never happen. They can feel out of reach. 

You probably have big goals right now. You might want to build a big company. You might want to find your soul mate. You might want to land a million dollar client. These are big challenges. 

The only problem here is that things that are great and big. Things that are long-lasting and strong. Things that are natural or man-made. They all start small. 

They don't start big. A great huge oak tree starts from a seed. It takes hundreds of years to become strong and mighty. Maybe we should give ourselves the same chance. 

Great loving relationships start as strangers. They start at meeting. Usually, "hello.". Thousands of hours of conversations and love would never happen if it wasn't for that fragile small hello. 

Not just that, things that stay small tend to be better. A local government is more likely to know what's best for it's constituents than the large federal mandate that comes in. 

A tree that shoots up too quickly, doesn't have the necessary roots beneath it to sustain it's large size. Starting small is an advantage because you escape the pressures of a large object. You can hide, you can learn, you can grow. 

It's the same in business, starting with millions of dollars (through investing or whatever) just means you are starting big. 

I'm proud of the way my business started. It started tiny. I had a landing page I made in minutes. My product was a newsletter. To one person. Tiny. So why are we so hesitant to start something tiny. 

Share with me your one tiny idea. Let's make it even tinier. Email me (robert@letsworkshop.com).
What lasting things (including nature) start out large?

00 Amy Hoy why tiny products are better than big ones
-- just fucking do it